Joan found 70 seashells on the beach. She gave Sam some of her seashells. She has 27 seashell left. How many seashells did she give to Sam ?
There were 28 bales of hay in the barn. Tim stacked more bales in the barn today. There are now 54 bales of hay in the barn. How many bales did he store in the barn ?
After eating at the restaurant, Sally, Sam, and Alyssa decided to divide the bill evenly. If each person paid 45 dollars, what was the total of the bill ?
Mary is baking a cake. The recipe wants 8 cups of flour. She already put in 2 cups. How many more cups does she need to add ?
Sara's high school played 12 basketball games this year. The team won most of their games. They were defeated during 4 games. How many games did they win ?
There are 22 walnut trees currently in the park. Park workers will plant more walnut trees today. When the workers are finished there will be 55 walnut trees in the park. How many walnut trees did the workers plant today ?
Mike had 34 peaches left at his roadside fruit stand. He went to the orchard and picked more peaches to stock up the stand. There are now 86 peaches at the stand, how many did he pick ?
There were 6 roses in the vase. Mary cut some more roses from her flower garden. There are now 16 roses in the vase. How many roses did she cut ?
Benny bought a soft drink for 2 dollars and 5 candy bars. He spent a total of 27 dollars. How much did each candy bar cost ?
Benny bought 4 new baseball trading cards to add to his collection. The next day his dog ate 0.5 of his collection. There are now only 34 cards left. How many cards did Benny start with ?
Alyssa spent half of her allowance going to the movies. She washed the family car and earned 8 dollars. What is her weekly allowance if she ended with 12 dollars ?
The sum of three consecutive even numbers is 162. What is the smallest of the three numbers ?
Sam had 79 dollars to spend on 9 books. After buying them he had 16 dollars. How much did each book cost ?
Oceanside Bike Rental Shop charges 17 dollars plus 7 dollars an hour for renting a bike. Tom paid 80 dollars to rent a bike. How many hours did he pay to have the bike checked out ?
On Monday, 375 students went on a trip to the zoo. All 7 buses were filled and 4 students had to travel in cars. How many students were in each bus ?
Sandy sold half of her comic books and then bought 6 more. She now has 13. How many did she begin with ?
The sum of three consecutive odd numbers is 69. What is the smallest of the three numbers ?
Joan went to 4 football games this year. She went to 9 games last year. How many football games did Joan go to in all ?
Tom has 9 yellow balloons Sara has 8 yellow balloons. How many yellow balloons do they have in total ?
There are 4 walnut trees currently in the park. Park workers will plant 6 more walnut trees today. How many walnut trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
Sam had 9 dimes in his bank. His dad gave him 7 more dimes. How many dimes does Sam have now ?
Alyssa's dog had puppies. She gave 7 to her friends.  She now has 5 puppies left. How many puppies did she have to start with ?
A restaurant served 9 pizzas during lunch and 6 during dinner today. How many pizzas were served today ?
There are 2 pencils in the drawer. Tim placed 3 more pencils in the drawer. How many pencils are now there in total ?
Joan found 6 seashells and Jessica found 8 seashells on the beach. How many seashells did they find together ?
Sandy grew 6 carrots. Sam grew 3 carrots. How many carrots did they grow in total ?
Benny picked 2 apples and Dan picked 9 apples from the apple tree. How many apples were picked in total ?
Sally found 9 seashells, Tom found 7 seashells, and Jessica found 5 seashells on the beach. How many seashells did they find together ?
Tim's cat had kittens. He gave 3 to Jessica and 6 to Sara. He now has 9 kittens left. How many kittens did he have to start with ?
Joan has 9 blue balloons, Sally has 5 blue balloons, and Jessica has  2 blue balloons. How many blue balloons do they have in total ?
Melanie had 7 dimes in her bank. Her dad gave her 8 dimes and her mother gave her 4 dimes. How many dimes does Melanie have now ?
A restaurant served 5 cakes during lunch and 6 during dinner today. The restaurant served 3 cakes yesterday. How many cakes were served in total ?
Melanie picked 4 plums, Dan picked 9 plums, and Sally picked 3 plums from the plum tree. How many plums were picked in total ?
There are 7 dogwood trees currently in the park. Park workers will plant 3 more dogwood trees today and 2 more dogwood trees tomorrow. How many dogwood trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
Sara grew 4 onions, Sally grew 5 onions, and Fred grew  9 onions. How many onions did they grow in all ?
Jason has 43 blue and 16 red marbles. Tom has  24 blue marbles. How many blue marbles do they have in all ?
Sam found 18 seashells and Mary found 47 seashells on the beach. How many seashells did they find together ?
Jason grew 23 watermelons and 18 turnips. Nancy grew  28 watermelons. How many watermelons did they grow in total ?
There are 11 rulers and 34 crayons in the drawer. Tim placed  14 more rulers in the drawer. How many rulers are now there in all ?
Sara picked 45 pears and Sally picked 11 pears from the pear tree. How many pears were picked in total ?
Keith has 20 books. Jason has 21 books.  How many books do they have together ?
Jason had 49 quarters in his bank. His dad gave him 25 more quarters. How many quarters does he have now ?
Tom found 15 seashells and Fred found 43 seashells on the beach. When they cleaned them, they discovered that 29 were cracked. How many seashells did they find together ?
Sara has 31 red and 15 green balloons. Sandy has  24 red balloons. How many red balloons do they have in total ?
Joan picked 37 oranges and Sara picked 10 oranges. Alyssa picked  30 pears. How many oranges were picked in total ?
Fred went to 36 basketball games this year, but missed 35. He went to  11 games last year. How many basketball games did Fred go to in total ?
There are 33 pencils and 44 crayons in the drawer. Joan placed  27 more pencils in the drawer. How many pencils are now there in total ?
Sam had 49 pennies and 24 nickels in his bank. His dad gave him 39 nickels and 31 quarters. How many nickels does he have now ?
Dan grew 42 turnips and 38 cantelopes. Jessica grew  47 turnips. How many turnips did they grow in total ?
There are 33 walnut trees currently in the park. Park workers will plant  44 more walnut trees today. How many walnut trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
Sara had 21 quarters in her bank. Her dad gave her 49 more quarters. How many quarters does she have now ?
There are 41 pencils in the drawer. Mike placed 30 more  pencils in the drawer. How many pencils are now there in total ?
Joan has 10 books. Tom has 38 books.  How many books do they have together ?
Joan has 40 blue balloons Melanie has 41 blue balloons. How many blue balloons do they have in total ?
Fred grew 38 cantelopes. Tim grew 44 cantelopes. How many cantelopes did they grow in total ?
Sam went to 14 football games this year. He went to 29 games  last year. How many football games did Sam go to in all ?
Mary found 18 seashells and Jessica found 41 seashells on the beach. How many seashells did they find together ?
There are 39 dogwood trees currently in the park. Park workers will plant  41 more dogwood trees today and 20 more dogwood trees tomorrow. How many dogwood trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
Sandy has 10 books, Benny has 24 books, and Tim has  33 books. How many books do they have together ?
Jason picked 46 pears, Keith picked 47 pears, and Mike picked  12 pears from the pear tree. How many pears were picked in total ?
Keith grew 29 cantelopes, Fred grew 16 cantelopes, and Jason grew  20 cantelopes. How many cantelopes did they grow in total ?
Melanie had 19 dimes in her bank. Her dad gave her 39 dimes and her mother gave her 25 dimes. How many dimes does Melanie have now ?
Alyssa has 37 blue balloons, Sandy has 28 blue balloons, and Sally  has 39 blue balloons. How many blue balloons do they have in all ?
Sally had 27 cards. Dan gave her 41 new cards. Sally bought 20 cards. How many cards does Sally have now ?
Jason went to 11 football games this month. He went to 17 games last month, and plans to go to 16 games next month. How many games will he attend in all ?
There are 43 pencils in the drawer and 19 pencils on the desk. Dan placed  16 more pencils on the desk. How many pencils are now there in total ?
Mike has 35 books in his library. He bought several books at a yard sale over the weekend. He now has 56 books in his library. How many books did he buy at the yard sale ?
Sandy is baking a cake. The recipe wants 7 cups of flour. She already put in 4 cups. How many more cups does she need to add ?
There are 53 maple trees currently in the park. Park workers will plant more maple trees today. When the workers are finished there will be 64 maple trees in the park. How many maple trees did the workers plant today ?
Dan found 56 seashells on the beach, he gave Jessica some of his seashells. He has 22 seashell left. How many seashells did he give to Jessica ?
Sally had 13 peaches left at her roadside fruit stand. She went to the orchard and picked more peaches to stock up the stand. There are now 55 peaches at the stand, how many did she pick ?
Benny received 67 dollars for his birthday. He went to a sporting goods store and bought a baseball glove, baseball, and bat. He had 33 dollars left over, how much did he spent on the baseball gear ?
There were 3 roses in the vase. Alyssa cut some more roses from her flower garden. There are now 14 roses in the vase. How many roses did she cut ?
Last week Tom had 74 dollars. He washed cars over the weekend and now has 86 dollars. How much money did he make washing cars ?
There were 73 bales of hay in the barn. Jason stacked more bales in the barn today. There are now 96 bales of hay in the barn. How many bales did he store in the barn ?
Nancy grew 6 potatoes. Sandy grew 7 potatoes. How many potatoes did they grow in total ?
There are 9 crayons in the drawer. Benny placed 3 more crayons in the drawer. How many crayons are now there in total ?
There are 5 oak trees currently in the park. Park workers will plant 4 more oak trees today. How many oak trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
There were a total of 7 football games this year. Melanie missed 4 of the games. How many football games did Melanie go to in all ?
Tom found 7 seashells but 4 were broken.  How many unbroken seashells did Tom find ?
Sally picked 7 lemons and Mary picked 9 lemons from the lemon tree. How many lemons were picked in total ?
A restaurant served 6 cakes during lunch and 9 during dinner today. How many cakes were served today ?
Joan has 8 orange balloons  but lost 2 of them. How many orange balloons does Joan have now ?
Fred had 7 dimes in his bank. His sister borrowed 3 of his dimes. How many dimes does Fred have now ?
Joan's cat had 8 kittens. She gave 2 to her friends.  How many kittens does she have now ?
There are 34 dogwood trees currently in the park. Park workers will plant  49 more dogwood trees today. How many dogwood trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
There are 27 pencils in the drawer. Nancy placed 45 more  pencils in the drawer. How many pencils are now there in total ?
Benny's high school played 39 baseball games this year. He attended  14 games. How many baseball games did Benny miss ?
Sam found 35 seashells on the beach, he gave Joan 18 of the seashells. How many seashells does he now have ?
Tim has 22 books. Mike has 20 books.  How many books do they have together ?
Mike has 87 baseball cards. Sam bought 13 of Mike's  baseball cards. How many baseball cards does Mike have now ?
Sandy grew 51 pumpkins. Mike grew 23 pumpkins. How many pumpkins did they grow in total ?
Tim has 44 books. Sam has 52 books.  How many books do they have together ?
Dan has 64 violet marbles, he gave Mary 14 of the marbles. How many violet marbles does he now have ?
There are 25 popular trees currently in the park. Park workers will plant  73 more popular trees today. How many popular trees will the park have when the workers are finished ?
There are 54 scissors in the drawer. Keith placed 22 more  scissors in the drawer. How many scissors are now there in all ?
Alyssa picked 42 pears and Nancy picked 17 pears from the pear tree. How many pears were picked in all ?
Sam had 98 pennies in his bank. He spent 93 of his pennies. How many pennies does he have now ?
Joan found 79 seashells on the beach, she gave Mike 63 of the seashells. How many seashells does she now have ?
Melanie's high school played 64 soccer games this year. She attended  32 games. How many soccer games did Melanie miss ?
